i always start with the fundamentals
that's where i started my entire seo
journey i started with a fantasy
football blog when i was in university
and seo
came as icing on the cake so to speak
after that my number one goal was to
create great content that i thought
people who are interested in winning
their fantasy football leagues would be
interested
that content happened to rank because
people wanted that content it starts by
fundamentally
understanding what type of content your
audience wants and then delivering that
to them
and then adding the seo had after that
then you think about how can we improve
this and ensure that the content that
we're creating that we're delivering
is actually aligned with keywords let's
dive into the keyword research
let's uncover opportunities to get
backlinks let's think about how we can
position this the right way
all of those different things come
secondary a lot of people make the
mistake
of having too big of egos and they think
we can rank for this phrase without
doing any research into whether or not
that's something that people look for
how can we optimize this from an
on-site perspective how can we ensure
that the story that we're telling
is going to be worth linking to those
are the things that come
afterwards when you start looking at
site structure and things like that
first you have to just put yourself in
the customer's shoes and understand what
type of content they want
you